
torchflower - living flame, healing
potions
figure out how to add lore
,
    "stained_plank_healing":{
      "textures": [
                "textures/blocks/base",
                {
                    "path": "textures/blocks/overlay",
                    "tint_color": "#FFFFFF"
                }
            ],
            "additive": true
    },
    "stained_plank_regen":{
      "textures": 
                {
                    "path": "textures/blocks/overlay",
                    "tint_color": "#FFFFFF"
                }

    }
    fbda74
scrapped texture overlaying and data driven textures. THey just dont have that POW to them
lang file, full stop is needed in some cases, string must start with "item, tile". Cannot have "potion" regardless of adding unique id of addon, also needs ".name" at the end
find paintstripper textures file
Somehow its gone
Amethyst wind chimes, dipstick

v1.21.60  -loot tables
{
    "condition": "match_tool",
    "minecraft:match_tool_filter_all": [ "minecraft:is_pickaxe" ],
    "minecraft:match_tool_filter_none": [ "minecraft:wooden_tier" ]
}
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/minecraft/creator/documents/practices/guidelinesforbuildingcooperativeaddons?view=minecraft-bedrock-stable
implementing this practise into my folder structure as to not cause conflicts within the future
HAHAHAH do not implement. All textures broke. Ill do this another time

Some stained wood textures have their names in odd positions e.g "resistance_fire". I want to try and implement other resistance potions
look into warped planks, may answer data driven textures

add map colour to stained woods

tiered glass bottles

TODO reduce light emissions with redstone clusters
TODO, implement a different growing method,
was thinking pushing the player to stay in the environment where they originally obtained the block, e.g budding glowstone would have to be grown in the nether.
However, thinking further down the line theres either 2 possible routes to take. Either, enforce this and make the player have to invest in another area
which can push the player in the comfort zone and hopefully feel more invested in this. The only issue i see with this method(still using budding glowstone as context)
is that in multiplayer a lot of big servers do reset their dimension which could detriment a players time invested in setting up said areas.
The other option is to have farms that "immitate" the environment where the original block came from. I.e have players place netherrack or soulsand around said budding
glowstone to "encourage" growth. Critiquing this idea is that over the years of seeing modded content, min/maxing really butchers the thematics of a mod breaking it down
into a game of maths(which okay fair, a lot of games rely on maths to bring the illusion of life)
So yeah? questions
maybe worth having a book due to the expansive nature of the addon. 
Crystal tree, named aptly as Crystallography 

Cool shit i thought about last night. Thanks brain i only got 4 hours asleep.

energised crystals; 
2nd or 3rd step to increasing the potency or duration of potions. Created by adding a shard(glowstone, redstone, echo, or ender pearl?) into an amethyst/gold jar between
2 quartz "pylons". On top of the device is a lightning rod. When the rod is struck with lightning its energy is transferred to the shard creating an energised crystal enhancing
the effects of said shard.

rtp potions;
Utilisation of ender pearls. Instead of the play being able to directly controlling the direction of teleportation, this broken down liquified ender pearl will
randomly teleport a player a certain range. Increases the potency of the potion increases the range of blocks that the player could teleport at.

echo potion
Utilisation of echo shards. At the time of consumption, the players location is saved. When the duration of the effect ends, the player is teleported and returns to the location
when they drunk the potion. duration increases the time the effect lasts. Potency doesnt do anything. However, an energized echo potion can be "linked" with an echo shard pylon
almost acting as a return node for players.

in order to get echo shards maybe implement something that causes quartz crystals to be "infected" by echo shards
possibly get echo shards by using sculk blocks

TODO: implement spawning of particles on hitting a seed -- DONE
TODO: growing crystal loot tables - DONE
TODO: change crystal growth to onRandomTick - DONE - Slow down?/balance
TODO: refactor budding code DONE
TODO: implement budding redstone DONE 
TODO: rework redstone cluster textures? DONE
TODO: Glassmith hammer texture DONE
TODO: Glassmith chisel - DONE
TODO: budding glowstone & redstone revamp of textures DONE
TODO: Implement Ageless Pocket watch, implement dev tool to test various mechanics DONE
TODO: Add pure quartz - DONE
TODO: Add echo shard stuff - textures DONE
TODO: figure out more appropriate loot for pure quartz seeds, done, the rest is air. YOU GET NOTHING, NOOOOTTTHHIINNNG

TODO: Chiselled stone texture for crystal growth
TODO: growing crystal model - is it finally done?
TODO: growing crystal texture re-vamp - DONE
TODO: change sound of "hitting" a seed - 
TODO: Figure out chiselled rock

TODO: find more appropriate sound for hammer and chisel use


cant seem to work out a way for the texture so stand above the current block, will have to work on it. Or scrap the idea if it doesnt come out
entirely how i want it

amethyst, structural, brings tranquility hence stabilising magical potions
quartz, power transfer, focuses intentions, hence allowing for power transfer
glowstone, potency
redstone, duration
echo - exception, used for brewing echo potions

Cask has x number of charges. The no of effects in the container can determine the amount of charges it takes out of the cask
Visually the cask looses its stained look and “cracks” of the original wood appear

Stained planks are made by “dipping them” in cauldrons with potions, if not able to create this mechanic, fallback to 1 potion = 1 stained wood
in crafting table. The type i.e long, strong, splash does not effect the outcome and only the potion id determines the stained wood.


Cask,6 stained woods + 2 iron ingots(barrel braces).
States, charges, block face direction, contained potion id (represented by integer), potion type, fill level, time until completion/
aging (represented in stages, again int count)
Finally should fill level determine the amount of charges depleted when a potion has "aged"/absorbed the cask effect

Aging seals. Further down the line in which players can create "wax" seals that can effect the outcome of the aging process.
e.g, seal of potency which increases the potency level of said barrel(seal of duration)
Thinking further down this path, if a potion of lingering or splash is used, this will fix the potion combination to that type.

So,
cask of healing, and speed potion. This will become a healing/speed potion.
If its speed 2, will be healing/speed 2 potion. And so on
If the cask has a seal of potency, the outcome will be healing 2/X potion.


Late game idea, implement a "time" room, which will decrease the time taken for aging to be complete.
A simple cubed multiblock where casks can be placed inside. Those casks have a better chance of going through the aging
stages/process 


Cauldron - fill level, liquid
Additional fields for cauldron:

: The block entity's root tag.
 CustomColor: (May not exist) This tag exists only if the cauldron stores dyed water; stores a 32-bit ARGB encoded color.
 Items: List of items in this container.
: An item, including the slot tag.
 Slot: The inventory slot the item is in.
Tags common to item stack[]
 PotionId: If the cauldron contains a potion, this tag stores the ID of that potion. If there is no potion stored, then this tag is set to -1.
 PotionType: If the cauldron contains a potion, this tag stores the type of that potion. 0 is normal, 1 is splash, 2 is lingering. If there is no potion stored, then this tag is set to -1.

block.getComponent("minecraft:fluidContainer").fillLevel
block.getComponent("minecraft:fluidContainer").getFluidType()
possibly use rgba value
if i cant do that, just do the age old method of crafting table, 1 potion = 1 stained plank


TODO: Implement a method to obtain shards in order to create each seed thus starting the crystal growing 
process.
TODO: Look into recipe to create seeds.
TODO: Add map colours to each crystal -- DONE
TODO: Add mining component along with item specific array --  based speed added, will look into item specific speeds at a later date
TODo: Add explosion component to each crystal -- DONE
TODO: Echo seeds, pretty self explanatory, use echo shards that player finds in ancient cities
TODO: Amethyst seeds, use amethyst shards. 

pure crystal dust acquisition,
clean in water,
burn near candles, use different colours for different shards
use note blocks to cleanse, different notes clean for different shards
let sit under the full moon to absorb lunar energy


Selenite tower: echo selenite tower, used to link echo + potions allowing for travelling to location of echo selenite tower
allows the focusing of echo potions to specific frequency allowing a deeper connection between the tower and potion.
When a user drinks a potion, they absorb the vibrational energy allowing them to reconnect to the other half 
i.e the echo selenite tower

amethyst, peace, maybe the wind chimes can be used to calm mobs, e.g angry mobs turn to calm or stop pursuing the player
Shungite? Maybe use that as a anchor or protective base

alchemy research, craft special cauldron, similar to skyrim

lock potion, a combination of ender pearls and echo shards. Locking the player in a position for a brief period of time 

Will continue with the mechanic of cleaning crystals later. 