basically the TODO list to polish up the current state of the addon


Casks:
TODO: Revision cask front textures(add cork texture, look to the glass bottle"corks")
TODO: Implement charge level textures.
TODO: Then work on seals particle effects when in use? But more importantly when being destroyed
TODO: utilise vector maths from @minecraft/maths module
Todo;
Give better feed with tasting spoon. 
Play around with mod, get nick in 
Update casks to class system,
Update dig speeds
update to custom components V2
use piston component - DONE (Currently immovable until i figure out changing the object to match the new location)
Remove splash and lingering potion interaction from casks

TODO: Implement all potions and variants for amethyst tier potions,
TODO: make texture for splash and lingering variant potions for amethyst tier
TODO: Make function to spawn multiple splash/lingering potions that have extra effects
TODO: Once amethyst potions are implemented. Create a hard limit for glass potions and make the "break" when they do contain +2 potion effects - Look into new inventory event
Misc:

Blocks:
TODO: look into minecraft:item_visual component. Maybe be able to compact mod


-----V2 polishingtheturd

Go through gameplay

Crystal tree
Cleaning crystal
1. Obtain Redstone, quartz, and glowstone - DONE
2. Clean Redstone, quartz, and glowstone with brush - DONE
3. Clean crystals using, washing, heating and lunar charging method
    TODO: Implement sound effects and particle effects to each cleaning method
    TODO: Make entity objects persist during reload
    TODO: Balance time for each time
    TODO: Create particle effect that "transforms" the items on each cleaning completion.
    TODO: Create final particle completion on creating a pure form crystal
    TODO: do some renaming of functions
4. Once pure shards are obtained, create crystal seeds
    TODO: Update echo shard seed recipe - DONE
    TODO: Update pure quartz shard seed recipe - DONE
Cystal seeds
5. Find the right block, hit seeds into block.
    TODO: Make glasssmith hammer recipe - DONE
    TODO: Glassmith hammer durability, -1 every seed hit - DONE
    TODO: Allow seeds to be placed anywhere - - BACKBURNER(currently there is no check as to whether a block is air. So will keep it as it is)
    TODO: change it that they can drop the item rather than being destroyed - DONE
    TODO: Pistons pop seed block - DONE
6. Depending on the environment, let the seeds grow to then become a budding crystal
growing crystals
7. Crystals growing in dependant environment.
    - use destruction particle component for each crystal permutation - DONE
    - pure quartz can be grown anywhere - DONE
    - redstone requires to be under the ground below - DONE
    - glowstone requires to be in the nether - DONE
    - echo shards can be grown anywhere - DONE
8. Let budding crystals grow creating crystals
    TODO: Solve "isAir" bug - DONE
    TODO: Create objects so crystals can "grow" even when you arent in the chunk - DONE
    TODO: Detect when chunkloads to trigger crystalgrowth - BACKBURNER/not possible(supposedly)
    TODO: increase compensation time threshold - DONE
    TODO: Pistons pop crystals - DONE
    TODO: Pistons destroy budding blocks - making immovable for the time being - DONE
    TODO: Update each bud, cluster & budding crystal with specific mining times - DONE
    TODO: Crystal objects are deleted when block is destroyed - DONE
9. Mine shards to then use for recipes
    TODO: Update red shard image - DONE
    TODO: Make clusters work with fortune enchant
Using recipes
1. Shards can be used for shard Blocks
2. Shards can be turned into powders
Cask/Ageing tree

General
TODO: Rename addon and pre-fixes to "magical_brewery"
TODO: Look into particle systems

TODO; Polish budding crystal code - DONE

"minecraft:movable": {
            "movement_type": "popped"
}
"immovable"
"push_pull"

1 kg of floury potatoes
100 grams of flour
2 egg yolks

1000:100:2
500:50:1

"tag:minecraft:is_pickaxe_item_destructible": {},
"tag:minecraft:is_axe_item_destructible": {},