General notes(looks into particle effects and their general hexacodes for base colours?)

Survival available potions:
Regeneration
Swiftness
Fire Resistance
Healing
Night Vision
Strength
Leaping
Water Breathing
Invisibility
Slow Falling
Luck??
Poison
Weakness
Slowness
Harming
Decay
Infestation --- The quantity and chance of silverfish spawning are unaffected by the potency level of the potion.(increase spawn depending on potency, i.e strength of potion)
Oozing --- The quantity and size of slimes spawning are unaffected by the potency level of the potion.(increase spawn depending on potency, i.e strength of potion)
Weaving --- The quantity of cobwebs is unaffected by the potency level of the potion. (increase spawn depending on potency, i.e strength of potion), test area of affect look into area creation
Wind Charging --- Intensity of this burst is unaffected by the potency level of the potion. (increase spawn depending on potency, i.e strength of potion), maybe look into increasing knockback affect
Turtle Master

Effects not available through potions but potentially other means:
Haste
Nausea - pufferfish? closed eyeblossom?
Mining Fatigue - no immediate comparison of vanilla items, look into other alternatives
Resistance - various items apply this effect, but with a cost, maybe find a direct solo solution(rustic ironbark?)
Blindness - Azure Bluet? open eyeblossom? seems op maybe look into something more difficult to obtain
Health Boost - gives more hearts but need to regenerate, make cheaper than absorption. Find alternative to vanilla
Absorption - Absorption health cannot be replenished by natural regeneration or other effects, and vanishes when the effect ends(seems fair)
Saturation - Food deals with it, however negative levels decrease hunger and saturation. (look into it)
Glowing - JE only, outlines entity, potential for countering invisibility(have a dabble)
Fatal Poison - same as poison, but kills. Good endgame item
Dolphin's Grace - have a try implementing it. Seems possible?
Hero of the village - leave alone, dont disturb raid content and make players play the game
Darkness - potion? Or potentially look into gameplay that creates aoe effects(traps and stuff)

Work on v1.1
Infestation --- The quantity and chance of silverfish spawning are unaffected by the potency level of the potion.(increase spawn depending on potency, i.e strength of potion)
Oozing --- The quantity and size of slimes spawning are unaffected by the potency level of the potion.(increase spawn depending on potency, i.e strength of potion)
Weaving --- The quantity of cobwebs is unaffected by the potency level of the potion. (increase spawn depending on potency, i.e strength of potion), test area of affect look into area creation
Wind Charging --- Intensity of this burst is unaffected by the potency level of the potion. (increase spawn depending on potency, i.e strength of potion), maybe look into increasing knockback affect